---
type: book
status: unread
rating:
isbn: 978-1-928706-07-6(pbk.)
title: "The Noble Eightfold Path"
subtitle: "Way to the End of Suffering"
authors: 
- Bhikkhu Bodhi
publisher: "BPS Pariyatti Editions"
published_date: "2000"
language: "English"
pages: "127"
categories: 
- Religion & Spirituality
subcategory: "Buddhism"
tags: [source/book]
source: pdf
---

# The Noble Eightfold Path

## 📚 Información General

- Autor: Bhikkhu Bodhi
- Año: 2000
- Editorial: BPS Pariyatti Editions
- ISBN: 978-1-928706-07-6(pbk.)
- Idioma: English
- Páginas: 127
- Categoría: - Religion & Spirituality
- Subcategoría: Buddhism

## 🧠 Resumen (Español)

Este eBook ofrece una guía gratuita. Si lo deseas, puedes donar y ayudarnos a seguir ofreciendo nuestros servicios. ¡Que tengas felicidad! El libro explora el Noble Óctuple Sendero, una guía para alcanzar la liberación del sufrimiento, basada en las enseñanzas del Buda.  Se centra en la comprensión, la intención correcta, el habla correcto, la acción correcta, la forma de vida correcta, el esfuerzo correcto, la atención plena correcta y la sabiduría correcta.
du
## 🧠 Summary (English)

This eBook is offered freely. If you wish, you may donate and help us continue offering our services. May you be happy! The book explores the Noble Eightfold Path, a guide to achieving liberation from suffering, based on the teachings of the Buddha. It focuses on correct understanding, correct intention, correct speech, correct action, correct livelihood, correct effort, right mindfulness, and right wisdom.

## 🎯 Ideas Clave

- The Four Noble Truths
- The Noble Eightfold Path
- Right View
- Right Intention
- Right Speech
- Right Action
- Right Livelihood
- Right Effort
- Right Mindfulness
- Right Concentration
- Wisdom

## ✍️ Notas

-

## 💡 Citas

- The essence of the Buddha’s teaching can be summed up in two principles: the Four Noble Truths and the Noble Eightfold Path.
- The path claims primacy because it is precisely this that brings the teaching to life.
- Right understanding of the path is itself a part of the practice.